<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>OpenMBV - GUI Help</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>GUI Help</h1>

    <h2>Keyboard Interaction</h2>
    <dl>
      <dt><tt>Right</tt> or <tt>J</tt></dt><dd> Go one frame up</dd>
      <dt><tt>Left</tt> or <tt>K</tt></dt><dd> Go one frame down</dd>
      <dt><tt>Page-Up</tt></dt><dd> Increase animation speed by 10%</dd>
      <dt><tt>Page-Down</tt></dt><dd> Decrease animation speed by 10%</dd>
      <dt><tt>1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9</tt></dt><dd> Expand object list to depth</dd>
    </dl>

    <h2>Mouse Interaction</h2>
    <dl>
      <dt>Left-Button-Down + Move</dt>
        <dd> Rotate the entiry scene</dd>
      <dt>Right-Button-Down + Move</dt>
        <dd> Translate the entiry scene</dd>
      <dt>Middle-Button-Down + Move</dt>
        <dd> Zoom the entiry scene</dd>
      <dt><tt>D</tt>-Down + Left-Button-Down + Move</dt>
        <dd> Manipulate a dragger. The dragger must be enabled using
        the property menu of the body before</dd>
      <dt><tt>D+Shift</tt>-Down + Left-Button-Down + Move</dt>
        <dd> Manipulate a dragger in constraint motion. The dragger must
        be enabled using the property menu of the body before</dd>
      <dt><tt>Ctrl</tt>-Down + Left-Button-Click</dt>
        <dd> Selects the body under the cursor.</dd>
      <dt><tt>Ctrl+Shift</tt>-Down + Left-Button-Click</dt>
        <dd> Toggle the selection of the body under the cursor.</dd>
      <dt><tt>Ctrl</tt>-Down + Right-Button-Click</dt>
        <dd> Select the body under the curser and show the property menu.</dd>
      <dt><tt>Ctrl+Shift</tt>-Down + Right-Button-Click</dt>
        <dd> Toggle the selection of the body under the curser and show the
        property menu.</dd>
      <dt><tt>Ctrl+Alt</tt>-Down + Left-Button-Click</dt>
        <dd> Shows a menu of all bodies under the cursor. Selecting one menu
        entry, selects this body.</dd>
      <dt><tt>Ctrl+Alt</tt>-Down + Right-Button-Click</dt>
        <dd> Shows a menu of all bodies under the cursor. Selecting one menu
        entry, selects and shows the proptery menu of this body.</dd>
      <dt><tt>Ctrl</tt>-Down + Middle-Button-Click</dt>
        <dd> Seeks the focal point of the camera to the point on the shape
        under the cursor.</dd>
    </dl>
  </body>
</html>
